Add a note on the deprecated code option in spack (#894)
kokkos/kokkos-core-wiki: docs/source/get-started/package-managers.rst

This will inject the Kokkos environment into your shell session.

.. note::
   When enabling the `deprecated_code` option in spack, Kokkos will only enable code deprecated in the current major version.

>    E.g. for for 5.2.0 it will enable `Kokkos_ENABLE_DEPRECATED_CODE_5`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
   Spack's `deprecated_code` variant automatically enables deprecated code for the 
   installed major version (e.g., `Kokkos_ENABLE_DEPRECATED_CODE_5` for version 5.2.0). 
   Separate variants for different major versions are not provided.
```
